# impt Commands Manual #

## List Of Commands ##

**[impt account info](#account-info)**<br />
**[impt account list](#account-list)**<br />

**[impt auth info](#auth-info)**<br />
**[impt auth login](#auth-login)**<br />
**[impt auth logout](#auth-logout)**<br />

**[impt build cleanup](#build-cleanup)**<br />
**[impt build copy](#build-copy)**<br />
**[impt build delete](#build-delete)**<br />
**[impt build deploy](#build-deploy)**<br />
**[impt build get](#build-get)**<br />
**[impt build info](#build-info)**<br />
**[impt build list](#build-list)**<br />
**[impt build run](#build-run)**<br />
**[impt build update](#build-update)**<br />

**[impt device assign](#device-assign)**<br />
**[impt device info](#device-info)**<br />
**[impt device list](#device-list)**<br />
**[impt device remove](#device-remove)**<br />
**[impt device restart](#device-restart)**<br />
**[impt device unassign](#device-unassign)**<br />
**[impt device update](#device-update)**<br />

**[impt dg builds](#device-group-builds)**<br />
**[impt dg create](#device-group-create)**<br />
**[impt dg delete](#device-group-delete)**<br />
**[impt dg info](#device-group-info)**<br />
**[impt dg list](#device-group-list)**<br />
**[impt dg reassign](#device-group-reassign)**<br />
**[impt dg restart](#device-group-restart)**<br />
**[impt dg unassign](#device-group-unassign)**<br />
**[impt dg update](#device-group-update)**<br />

**[impt log get](#log-get)**<br />
**[impt log stream](#log-stream)**<br />

**[impt loginkey create](#login-key-create)**<br />
**[impt loginkey delete](#login-key-delete)**<br />
**[impt loginkey info](#login-key-info)**<br />
**[impt loginkey list](#login-key-list)**<br />
**[impt loginkey update](#login-key-update)**<br />

**[impt product create](#product-create)**<br />
**[impt product delete](#product-delete)**<br />
**[impt product info](#product-info)**<br />
**[impt product list](#product-list)**<br />
**[impt product update](#product-update)**<br />

**[impt project create](#project-create)**<br />
**[impt project delete](#project-delete)**<br />
**[impt project info](#project-info)**<br />
**[impt project link](#project-link)**<br />
**[impt project update](#project-update)**<br />

**[impt test create](#test-create)**<br />
**[impt test delete](#test-delete)**<br />
**[impt test github](#test-github)**<br />
**[impt test info](#test-info)**<br />
**[impt test run](#test-run)**<br />
**[impt test update](#test-update)**<br />

**[impt webhook create](#webhook-create)**<br />
**[impt webhook delete](#webhook-delete)**<br />
**[impt webhook info](#webhook-info)**<br />
**[impt webhook list](#webhook-list)**<br />
**[impt webhook update](#webhook-update)**<br />

## Contents ##

- [Command Syntax](#command-syntax)
- [The Help Option](#the-help-option)
- [The Version Option](#the-version-option)
- [Command Output](#command-output)
- [Entity Identification](#entity-identification)
- [Device Group Type](#device-group-type)
- [Auth files](#auth-files)
- [Auth Environment Variables](#auth-environment-variables)
- [Command Execution Context](#command-execution-context)
- [Project Files](#project-files)
- [Test Configuration Files](#test-configuration-files)
- [Command Description](#command-description)
- [List of Aliases](#list-of-aliases)
- [Common Filter Options](#common-filter-options)

## Command Syntax ##

```bash
impt <command_group> <command_name> [<options>]
```

where:

- `<command_group>` is a logical group of commands.
- `<command_name>` is a command name, unique to the group.
- `<options>` are one or more options applicable to the command; most commands have options. Options may be written in any order.

Each option has the following format:

`--<option_name> [<option_value>]` or `-<option_alias> [<option_value>]`

where:

- `<option_name>` is unique across a particular command. For user convenience, many of the option names are reused across different commands.
- `<option_alias>` is a one-letter alias for the option. Unique across all option aliases for a particular command. The same option name in different commands always has the same alias.
- `<option_value>` is a value for the option. Not all options require values. If an option value has spaces or is empty, it must be placed in double quotes (`""`).

All commands and options are case sensitive.

## The Help Option ##

The `--help` option (alias: `-h`) can be used with a fully or a partially specified command:

- `impt --help` &mdash; Displays a list of all the command groups.
- `impt <command_group> --help` &mdash; Displays a list of all of the group’s commands.
- `impt <command_group> <command_name> --help` &mdash; Displays a detailed description of the command.

## The Version Option ##

- `impt --version` or `impt -v` &mdash; Displays the version of *impt*.

## Command Output ##

The `--output <mode>` option (alias: `-z`) can be used to adjust the output generated by a command. If the option is not specified, the default verbose output is generated.

The `--output` option has the following `<mode>` values:

| Value | Description |
| --- | --- |
| minimal | Only minimal output, mandated by the command, is generated; no additional colors are used in the output |
| json | The same as `minimal`, but all information (except user interaction) is displayed in the JSON format |
| debug | Debug information is added to the default output |

## Entity Identification ##

*impt* obeys the following rules when searching for any of the impCentral API entities &mdash; Account, Product, Device Group, Device and Deployment &mdash; described in this section:

- *impt* defines a specific order of attributes for every entity type (described in the subsections below).
- Some of the entity types additionally support hierarchical identifiers (described in the subsections below).
- If an entity type supports a hierarchical identifier and the specified value matches the hierarchical identifier pattern, *impt* searches the entity by parsing the hierarchical identifier. If only one entity is found, the search is stopped.
- Otherwise, *impt* starts from the first attribute in the list of the entity type’s supported attributes and searches for the specified value of this attribute.
- If no entity is found for this attribute, *impt* searches the specified value for the next attribute in the order.
- If at least one entity is found for the particular attribute, the search is stopped.
- If no entity is found under any attributes, or more than one entity is found, then, depending on a particular command, that may be considered as a success (for all `list` commands) or as a fail (for all other commands).

Entity Identifiers must not be empty. An attribute of the hierarchical identifier must not itself be a hierarchical identifier or contain the `}{` substring.

### Account Identifier ###

Attributes accepted as `<ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>` (in order of search):

- `"me"` (a predefined word which means the current logged-in account)
- Account ID (always unique)
- Email (always unique)
- Username (always unique)

### Product Identifier ###

Attributes accepted as `<PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>` (in order of search):

- Product ID (always unique)
- Product name (unique among all Products owned by a particular user)

Hierarchical identifier pattern: `{<ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>}{<PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>}`

where `<ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>` is an [Account identifier](#account-identifier) attribute and `<PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>` is a Product identifier attribute.

### Device Group Identifier ###

Attributes accepted as `<DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>` (in order of search):

- Device Group ID (always unique)
- Device Group name (unique among all the Device Groups within a Product)

Hierarchical identifier pattern: `{<ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>}{<PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>}{<DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER}`

where `<ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>` is an [Account identifier](#account-identifier) attribute, `<PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>` is a [Product identifier](#product-identifier) attribute and `<DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>` is a Device Group identifier attribute.

### Device Identifier ###

Attributes accepted as `<DEVICE_IDENTIFIER>` (in order of search):

- Device ID (always unique)
- MAC address
- Agent ID
- Device name

### Build Identifier ###

Attributes accepted as `<BUILD_IDENTIFIER>` (in order of search):

- Deployment ID (always unique)
- SHA
- Tag
- Origin

## Device Group Type ##

*impt* commands accept the following constants to specify a type of Device Group:

- *development* &mdash; for the impCentral API’s "development_devicegroup" type
- *pre-factory* &mdash; for the impCentral API’s "pre_factoryfixture_devicegroup" type
- *pre-dut* &mdash; for the impCentral API’s "pre_dut_devicegroup" type
- *pre-production* &mdash; for the impCentral API’s "pre_production_devicegroup" type
- *factory* &mdash; for the impCentral API’s "factoryfixture_devicegroup" type
- *dut* &mdash; for the impCentral API’s "dut_devicegroup" type
- *production* &mdash; for the impCentral API’s "production_devicegroup" type

## Auth Files ##

An auth file is a `.impt.auth` file. It stores authentication and other information necessary to execute *impt* commands.

### Local Auth File ###

A local auth file is an auth file located in the directory from where an *impt* command is called. Different directories may contain different local auth files. One directory can contain only one local auth file.

### Global Auth File ###

There can be none or only one global auth file per *impt* installation.

## Auth Environment Variables ##

*impt* recognizes the following environment variables:

- `IMPT_AUTH_FILE_PATH` &mdash; a path to a directory with an [auth file](#auth-files).
- `IMPT_LOGINKEY` &mdash; a login key for the account.
- `IMPT_USER` &mdash; an account identifier: a username or an email address.
- `IMPT_PASSWORD` &mdash; an account password.
- `IMPT_ENDPOINT` &mdash; an impCentral API endpoint (the API base URL).

## Command Execution Context ##

This is how *impt* determines a context (authentication and other settings) for execution of a command.

1. If the current directory contains an auth file ([local auth file](#local-auth-file)):
    - The command is executed in the context defined by this file.
    - If the file is broken, the command fails.

2. Otherwise, if the `IMPT_AUTH_FILE_PATH` environment variable is set:
    - The command is executed in the context defined by the auth file in the directory referenced by this environment variable.
    - If the file does not exist or is broken, the command fails.

3. Otherwise, if the `IMPT_LOGINKEY` environment variable is set:
    - *impt* tries to login using the specified login key and then the command is executed in the context of this login.
    - If multi-factor authentication is enabled for the account, the user is asked to enter a one-time password.
    - If the login fails, the command fails.
    - If the `IMPT_ENDPOINT` environment variable is set, its value is used as the impCentral API endpoint. Otherwise the default endpoint (`https://api.electricimp.com/v5`) is used.

4. Otherwise, if the `IMPT_USER` environment variable is set:
    - *impt* tries to login using the specified account identifier (user) and a password and then the command is executed in the context of this login.
    - If the `IMPT_PASSWORD` environment variable is set, its value is used as a password. Otherwise the user is asked to input the password.
    - If multi-factor authentication is enabled for the account, the user is asked to enter a one-time password.
    - If the login fails, the command fails.
    - If the `IMPT_ENDPOINT` environment variable is set, its value is used as the impCentral API endpoint. Otherwise the default endpoint (`https://api.electricimp.com/v5`) is used.

5. Otherwise, if the [global auth file](#global-auth-file) exists:
    - The command is executed in the context defined by this file.
    - If the file is broken, the command fails.

6. Otherwise, the command fails (as no authentication information has been found to execute the command).

## Project Files ##

A Project file is a `.impt.project` file located in a given directory. Different directories may contain different Project files. A directory can contain only one Project file.

Each Project file contains settings for a Project, an *impt* entity which links the source files in the current directory with a Device Group. A Project file references the linked Device Group (of the [types](#device-group-type) *development* or *pre-factory* only) and, correspondingly, the Product which contains that Device Group, devices assigned to the Device Group, and Deployments created for that Device Group.

A Project file may affect commands called from the directory where the file is located. Product, Device Group, Devices, Deployment, and source code files referenced by Project file may be assumed by a command when they are not specified explicitly.

## Test Configuration Files ##

A test configuration file is a `.impt.test` file located in a given directory. Different directories may contain different test configuration files. A directory can contain only one test configuration file.

A test configuration file contains settings to run unit tests which are created with the [*impUnit*](https://github.com/electricimp/impUnit) test framework. Test configuration files affect [Test Commands](#test-commands) only.

## Command Description ##

### Account Information Commands ###

#### Account Info ####

```
impt account info [--user <ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the specified account.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --user | -u | No | Yes | An [Account identifier](#account-identifier). If no account is specified, the current account is used |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Account List ####

```
impt account list [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the current account and any other accounts on which the current account is collaborating.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Authentication Commands ###

#### Auth Info ####

```
impt auth info [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays the status and the details of the authentication applicable to the current directory.

Applicable authentication settings are determined according to the [Command Execution Context](#command-execution-context) rules.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Auth Login ####

```
impt auth login [--local] [--endpoint <endpoint_url>]
    [--user <user_id> [--pwd <password>] | --lk <login_key_id>] [--temp] [--confirmed]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates the [global](#global-auth-file) or [local](#local-auth-file) auth file.

The options for one, and only one, of the following authentication methods may be specified in the command:

- Using an account identifier and password (`--user` and `--pwd` options).
- Using a [login key](#login-key-manipulation-commands) (`--lk` option).

If neither the `--user` nor the `--lk` option is specified, the user is asked to choose an authentication method and input the corresponding credentials.

If the `--user` option is specified but the `--pwd` option is not, the user is asked to input the account password.

If multi-factor authentication is enabled for the account, the user is asked to input one-time password.

The user is asked to confirm the operation if the corresponding auth file already exists, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option. If confirmed, the existing auth file is overwritten.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --local | -l | No | No | If specified, creates or replaces a [local auth file](#local-auth-file) in the current directory. If not specified, creates or replaces the [global auth file](#global-auth-file) |
| --endpoint | -e | No | Yes | The base impCentral API URL. Default: `https://api.electricimp.com/v5` |
| --user | -u | No | Yes | The account identifier: a username or an email address |
| --pwd | -w | No | Yes | The account password. If specified, the `--user` option must be specified too |
| --lk | -k | No | Yes | A login key for the account |
| --temp | -t | No | No | If this option is not specified, *impt* saves the information required to refresh access token and refreshes it automatically when the token expires. If the option is specified, the tool does not save information required to refresh access token. In this case, you need to call `impt auth login` again after the access token has expired |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Auth Logout ####

```
impt auth logout [--local] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the [global](#global-auth-file) or [local](#local-auth-file) auth file.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --local | -l | No | No | If specified, deletes the [local auth file](#local-auth-file) if one exists in the current directory. If not specified, it deletes the [global auth file](#global-auth-file) if it exists |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Build Manipulation Commands ###

#### Build Cleanup ####

```
impt build cleanup [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>] [--unflag] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes builds (Deployments) which are not related to any Device Group (‘zombie’ builds).

If the `--product` option is specified, the command deletes Deployments which are not related to any Device Group but are related to the specified Product. That Product is not deleted.
If the `--product` option is not specified, the command deletes all Deployments owned by the current account and which are not related to any Device Group. This includes Deployments which relate to Products that exist as well as Products that were deleted.

If a Deployment has its *flagged* attribute set to `true` and the `--unflag` option is not specified, this Deployment is excluded from the deletion. If the `--unflag` option is specified, such a Deployment is deleted.

The user is asked to confirm the operation, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --product | -p | No | Yes | A [Product identifier](#product-identifier) |
| --unflag | -u | No | No | Delete a Deployment even if it has its *flagged* attribute set to `true` |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Build Copy ####

```
impt build copy [--build <BUILD_IDENTIFIER>] --dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER> [--all]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Copies the specified build (Deployment) to a new Deployment related to the specified Device Group. Fails if the specified Deployment or the specified Device Group does not exist.

The new build for the specified Device Group is created from the device and agent source code that the specified original build has. If the `--all` option is specified, all other attributes (description, origin, flagged status and tags) are copied to the new build as well.

The new build is not run until the devices are rebooted. To run it, use [`impt dg restart`](#device-group-restart) or [`impt device restart`](#device-restart).

Build source code is not saved locally. To download the source code from a Deployment, call [`impt build get`](#build-get).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --build | -b | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | The [Build identifier](#build-identifier) of the Deployment to be copied. If not specified, the most recent Deployment for the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --dg | -g | Yes | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the Device Group the new Deployment is created for |
| --all | -a | No | No | Copy all attributes of the specified Deployment |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Build Delete ####

```
impt build delete --build <BUILD_IDENTIFIER> [--force] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the specified build (Deployment). The command fails if the build is the Device Group’s *min_supported_deployment* (see the impCentral API specification) or a newer Deployment. The command also fails if the Deployment has its *flagged* attribute set to `true` and the `--force` option was not specified. Use either the `--force` option or [`impt build update`](#build-update) to update the attribute.

The user is asked to confirm the operation, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --build | -b | Yes | Yes | A [Build identifier](#build-identifier) |
| --force | -f | No | No | If the Deployment has its *flagged* attribute set to `true`, set it to `false` to allow deletion |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Build Deploy ####

```
impt build deploy [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--device-file <device_file>]
    [--agent-file <agent_file>] [--descr <build_description>] [--origin <origin>]
    [--tag <tag>] [--flagged [true|false]] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a build (Deployment) from the specified source files, with a description (if specified) and attributes (if specified), and deploys it to all the devices assigned to the specified Device Group.

The command fails if one or both of the specified source files do not exist, or the specified Device Group does not exist.

The new build is not run until the devices are rebooted. To run it, call [`impt dg restart`](#device-group-restart) or [`impt device restart`](#device-restart).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --device-file | -x | No | Yes | The device source code file name. If not specified, the file referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used; if there is no Project file, empty code is used. If the specified file does not exist, the command fails |
| --agent-file | -y | No | Yes | The agent source code file name. If not specified, the file referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used; if there is no Project file, empty code is used. If the specified file does not exist, the command fails |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | A description of the build (Deployment) |
| --origin | -o | No | Yes | A free-form key to store a link to the code’s storage location, eg. a GitHub repo name or URL |
| --tag | -t | No | Yes | A tag applied to this build (Deployment). This option may be repeated multiple times to apply multiple tags |
| --flagged | -f | No | No | If `true` or no value, this build (Deployment) cannot be deleted without first setting this option back to `false`. If `false` or the option is not specified, the build can be deleted |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Build Get ####

```
impt build get [--build <BUILD_IDENTIFIER>] [--device-file <device_file>]
    [--agent-file <agent_file>] [--device-only] [--agent-only]
    [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Downloads the source files of the specified build (Deployment) and displays information about the build.

The user is asked to confirm the operation if the files with the specified names already exist in the current directory, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option. If confirmed, the existing files are overwritten.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --build | -b | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Build identifier](#build-identifier). If not specified, the most recent Deployment for the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --device-file | -x | No | Yes | The device source code file name. If not specified, the file referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used; if there is no Project file and the `--agent-only` option is not specified, the command fails |
| --agent-file | -y | No | Yes | The agent source code file name. If not specified, the file referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used; if there is no Project file and the `--device-only` option is not specified, the command fails |
| --device-only | -i | No | No | Downloads the source code for the device only |
| --agent-only | -j | No | No | Downloads the source code for the agent only |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Build Info ####

```
impt build info [--build <BUILD_IDENTIFIER>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the specified build (Deployment).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --build | -b | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Build identifier](#build-identifier). If not specified, the most recent Deployment for the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Build List ####

```
impt build list [--owner <ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>] [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--dg-type <device_group_type>]
    [--sha <deployment_sha>] [--tag <tag>] [--flagged] [--unflagged]
    [--non-zombie] [--zombie] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about all of the builds (Deployments) available to the current account.

The returned list of the builds may be filtered. Filtering uses any combination of the described filter options. Filter options may be repeated. All filter options with the same name are combined by logical OR, then all filter options with different names are combined by logical AND.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

| Filter Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --owner | -o | No | Yes | Builds owned by the [specified Account(s)](#account-identifier) only |
| --product | -p | No | Yes | Builds deployed to Device Groups which belong to the [specified Product(s)](#product-identifier) only |
| --dg | -g | No | Yes | Builds deployed to the [specified Device Group(s)](#device-group-identifier) only |
| --dg-type | -y | No | Yes | Builds deployed to Device Groups of the [specified type](#device-group-type) only |
| --sha | -s | No | Yes | Builds with the specified SHA only |
| --tag | -t | No | Yes | Builds with the specified tag only |
| --flagged | -f | No | No | Builds with the *flagged* attribute set to `true` only |
| --unflagged | -u | No | No | Builds with the *flagged* attribute set to `false` only |
| --non-zombie | -n | No | No | Only builds which are related to a Device Group |
| --zombie | -m | No | No | Only builds which are not related to any Device Group |

#### Build Run ####

```
impt build run [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--device-file <device_file>]
    [--agent-file <agent_file>] [--descr <build_description>]
    [--origin <origin>] [--tag <tag>] [--flagged [true|false]]
    [--conditional] [--log] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates, deploys and runs a build (Deployment). Optionally, displays logs of the running build.

It behaves exactly like [`impt build deploy`](#build-deploy) followed by [`impt dg restart`](#device-group-restart) and, optionally, by [`impt log stream`](#log-stream).

The command fails if one or both of the specified source files do not exist, or the specified Device Group does not exist. Informs the user if the specified Device Group does not have assigned devices; in this case, the Deployment is created anyway.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --device-file | -x | No | Yes | The device source code file name. If not specified, the file referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used; if there is no Project file, empty code is used. If the specified file does not exist, the command fails |
| --agent-file | -y | No | Yes | The agent source code file name. If not specified, the file referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used; if there is no Project file, empty code is used. If the specified file does not exist, the command fails |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | A description of the build (Deployment) |
| --origin | -o | No | Yes | A free-form key to store the source location of the code |
| --tag | -t | No | Yes | A tag applied to this build (Deployment). This option may be repeated multiple times to apply multiple tags |
| --flagged | -f | No | No | If `true` or no value is supplied, this build (Deployment) cannot be deleted without first setting this option back to `false`. If `false` or the option is not specified, the build can be deleted |
| --conditional | -c | No | No | Trigger a conditional restart of the devices assigned to the specified Device Group instead of a normal restart (see the impCentral API specification) |
| --log | -l | No | No | Starts displaying logs from the devices assigned to the specified Device Group (see the [`impt log stream`](#log-stream) description). To stop displaying the logs, press *Ctrl-C* |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Build Update ####

```
impt build update [--build <BUILD_IDENTIFIER>] [--descr <build_description>]
    [--tag <tag>] [--remove-tag <tag>] [--flagged [true|false]]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the description, tags and/or the *flagged* attribute (whichever is specified) of the specified build (Deployment). Fails if the specified build (Deployment) does not exist.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --build | -b | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Build identifier](#build-identifier). If not specified, the most recent Deployment for the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | A description of the build (Deployment) |
| --tag | -t | No | Yes | A tag applied to this build (Deployment). This option may be repeated multiple times to apply multiple tags |
| --remove-tag | -r | No | Yes | A tag removed from this build (Deployment). This option may be repeated multiple times to remove multiple tags |
| --flagged | -f | No | No | If `true` or no value is supplied, this build (Deployment) cannot be deleted without first setting this option back to `false`. If `false` or the option is not specified, the build can be deleted |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Device Manipulation Commands ###

#### Device Assign ####

```
impt device assign --device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER> [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Assigns the specified device to the specified Device Group. Fails if the specified Device Group does not exist.

The user is asked to confirm the operation if the specified Device is already assigned to another Device Group. If the operation is confirmed (manually or automatically with the `--confirmed` option), the device is reassigned to the new Device Group.

The operation may fail for some combinations of Device Group [types](#device-group-type), for some kinds of device, or operations such as reassigning across Products.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | Yes | Yes | A [device identifier](#device-identifier) |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project Files](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Info ####

```
impt device info --device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER> [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the specified device.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | Yes | Yes | A [device identifier](#device-identifier) |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device List ####

```
impt device list [--owner <ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>] [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--dg-type <device_group_type>] [--unassigned]
    [--assigned] [--online] [--offline] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about all of the devices available to the current account.

The returned list of the devices may be filtered. Filtering uses any combination of the described filter options. Filter options may be repeated. All filter options with the same name are combined by logical OR, then all filter options with different names are combined by logical AND.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

| Filter Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --owner | -o | No | Yes | Devices owned by the [specified Account(s)](#account-identifier) only |
| --product | -p | No | Yes | Devices assigned to Device Groups which belong to the [specified Product(s)](#product-identifier) only |
| --dg | -g | No | Yes | Devices assigned to the [specified Device Group(s)](#device-group-identifier) only |
| --dg-type | -y | No | Yes | Devices assigned to Device Groups of the [specified type](#device-group-type) only |
| --unassigned | -u | No | No | Unassigned devices only |
| --assigned | -a | No | No | Assigned devices only |
| --online | -n | No | No | Devices in online state only |
| --offline | -f | No | No | Devices in offline state only |

#### Device Remove ####

```
impt device remove --device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER> [--force] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Removes the specified Device from the current account.

The command fails if the device is assigned to a Device Group and the `--force` option is not specified. Use either `--force` or [`impt device unassign`](#device-unassign) to unassign the device before removal.

The user is asked to confirm the operation, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | Yes | Yes | A [device identifier](#device-identifier) |
| --force | -f | No | No | If the device is assigned to a Device Group, unassign it first |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Restart ####

```
impt device restart --device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER> [--conditional] [--log] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Reboots the specified device and, optionally, starts displaying logs from it.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | Yes | Yes | A [device identifier](#device-identifier) |
| --conditional | -c | No | No | Trigger a conditional restart (see the impCentral API specification) |
| --log | -l | No | No | Start displaying logs from the specified device (see [`impt log stream`](#log-stream)). To stop displaying the logs press *Ctrl-C* |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Unassign ####

```
impt device unassign --device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER> [--unbond <unbond_key>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Unassigns the specified device. Does nothing if the device already unassigned.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | Yes | Yes | A [device identifier](#device-identifier) |
| --unbond | -u | No | Yes | An unbond key is required to unassign the specified device from a Device Group of the *production* [type](#device-group-type) |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Update ####

```
impt device update --device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER> --name <device_name> [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the name of the specified device.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | Yes | Yes | A [device identifier](#device-identifier) |
| --name | -n | Yes | Yes | The device’s new name |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Device Group Manipulation Commands ###

#### Device Group Builds ####

```
impt dg builds [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--unflag] [--unflag-old] [--remove]
    [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates and/or deletes builds (Deployments) belonging to the specified Device Group and displays information about all of the Device Group’s Deployments at the end of the command execution (as with [`impt build list`](#build-list)).

The user is asked to confirm the operation if any Deployment is going to be deleted, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project File](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --unflag | -u | No | No | Set the *flagged* attribute to `false` for all the Deployments of the specified Device Group |
| --unflag-old | -o | No | No | Set the *flagged* attribute to `false` for all the Deployments of the specified Device Group which are older than *min_supported_deployment* (see the impCentral API specification) |
| --remove | -r | No | No | Deletes all of the specified Device Group’s Deployments which are older than *min_supported_deployment* (see the impCentral API specification) and have their *flagged* attribute set to `false`. This option works after the `--unflag`/`--unflag-old` options |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Group Create ####

```
impt dg create --name <device_group_name> [--dg-type <device_group_type>]
    [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>] [--descr <device_group_description>]
    [--dut <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--target <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--region <region_name>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a new Device Group for the specified Product. Fails if a Device Group with the specified name already exists under the specified Product.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --name | -n | Yes | Yes | The new Device Group’s name. Must be unique among all Device Groups belonging to the specified Product |
| --dg-type | -y | No | Yes | The new Device Group’s [type](#device-group-type). Default: *development*. If the type value is invalid, the command fails |
| --product | -p | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | The [Product identifier](#product-identifier) of the Product to which the Device Group belongs. If not specified, the Product referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | An optional description of the Device Group |
| --dut | -u | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the new Device Group’s target device-under-test Device Group. Should only be specified for *factory* or *pre-factory* Device Groups. The target Device Group must be of the corresponding [type](#device-group-type) *dut* or *pre-dut*, and belong to the same Product as the specified Device Group. Otherwise the command fails |
| --target | -t | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the new Device Group’s target production Device Group. Should only be specified for *factory* or *pre-factory* Device Groups. The target Device Group must be of the corresponding [type](#device-group-type) *production* or *pre-production*, and belong to the same Product as the specified Device Group. Otherwise the command fails |
| --region | -r | No | Yes | A region. May be specified if the new Device Group is of the *production* or *pre-production* [type](#device-group-type) only |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Group Delete ####

```
impt dg delete [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--builds] [--force] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the specified Device Group and, optionally, all of the related builds (Deployments).

The command fails if the Device Group is a device-under-test target or production target of another Device Group. Use either [`impt dg update`](#device-group-update) to update the the other Device Group’s target/dut, or `impt dg delete` to delete the other Device Group before the specified one.

The command also fails when the `--force` option is not specified and:

- There are devices assigned to the specified Device Group. Use either the `--force` option, [`impt dg unassign`](#device-group-unassign) or [`impt dg reassign`](#device-group-reassign) to unassign the devices from this Device Group.
- The Device Group has any Deployments with their *flagged* attribute set to `true`. Use either the `--force` option or [`impt build update`](#build-update) to update this attribute.

The user is asked to confirm the operation, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --builds | -b | No | No | Additionally deletes all Deployments related to the Device Group |
| --force | -f | No | No | Unassigns all of the Device Group’s devices as with [`impt dg unassign`](#device-group-unassign), and set the *flagged* attribute to `false` for all of the Device Group’s Deployments |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Group Info ####

```
impt dg info [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--full] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the specified Device Group.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --full | -u | No | No | Displays additional information, including details about the devices assigned to the Device Group, and Webhooks created for the Device Group |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Group List ####

```
impt dg list [--owner <ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>] [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--dg-type <device_group_type>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about all Device Groups available to the current account.

The returned list of the Device Groups may be filtered. Filtering uses any combination of the described filter options. Filter options may be repeated. All filter options with the same name are combined by logical OR, then all filter options with different names are combined by logical AND.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

| Filter Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --owner | -o | No | Yes | Device Groups owned by the [specified Account(s)](#account-identifier) only |
| --product | -p | No | Yes | Device Groups which belong to the [specified Product(s)](#product-identifier) only |
| --dg-type | -y | No | Yes | Device Groups of the [specified type](#device-group-type) only |

#### Device Group Reassign ####

```
impt dg reassign --from <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER> [--to <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Reassigns all of the devices from one Device Group to another. Fails if any of the specified Device Groups does not exist.

The operation may also fail for some combinations of Device Group [type](#device-group-type), for some types of device, and for certain attempts to reassign devices across Products.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --from | -f | Yes | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the origin Device Group |
| --to | -t | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the destination Device Group. If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Group Restart ####

```
impt dg restart [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--conditional] [--log] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Reboots all of the devices assigned to the specified Device Group and, optionally, starts displaying logs from them. Does nothing if the Device Group has no devices assigned to it.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --conditional | -c | No | No | Trigger a conditional restart (see the impCentral API specification) |
| --log | -l | No | No | Start displaying logs from the devices assigned to the specified Device Group (see [`impt log stream`](#log-stream)). To stop displaying the logs press *Ctrl-C* |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Group Unassign ####

```
impt dg unassign [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--unbond <unbond_key>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Unassigns all of the devices from the specified Device Group. Does nothing if the Device Group has no devices assigned to it.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --unbond | -u | No | Yes | An unbond key is required to unassign devices from a Device Group of the [type](#device-group-type) *production* |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Device Group Update ####

```
impt dg update [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--name <device_group_name>]
    [--descr <device_group_description>]
    [--dut <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--target <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--load-code-after-blessing [true|false]]
    [--min-supported-deployment <BUILD_IDENTIFIER>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the specified Device Group. Fails if the specified Device Group does not exist.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --name | -n | No | Yes | The Device Group’s new name. Must be unique among all of the Device Groups belonging to the Product |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | An optional description of the Device Group |
| --dut | -u | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the new Device Group’s target device-under-test Device Group. Should only be specified for *factory* or *pre-factory* Device Groups. The target Device Group must be of the corresponding [type](#device-group-type) *dut* or *pre-dut*, and belong to the same Product as the specified Device Group. Otherwise the command fails |
| --target | -t | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the new Device Group’s target production Device Group. Should only be specified for *factory* or *pre-factory* Device Groups. The target Device Group must be of the corresponding [type](#device-group-type) *production* or *pre-production*, and belong to the same Product as the specified Device Group. Otherwise the command fails |
| --load-code-after-blessing | -l | No | No | Only applicable to *production* and *pre-production* Device Groups. If `true` or no value is supplied, production application code is immediately loaded by the device after blessing. If `false`, production code will be loaded when the device first connects as part of BlinkUp. Newly created Production Device Groups default this setting to `true` |
| --min-supported-deployment | -m | No | Yes | The [Build identifier](#build-identifier) of the new *min_supported_deployment* (see the impCentral API specification). The Deployment should belong to this Device Group and should be newer than the current *min_supported_deployment* |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Log Manipulation Commands ###

#### Log Get ####

```
impt log get [--device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER>] [--page-size <number_of_entries>]
    [--page-number <page_number>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays historical logs for the specified device. The logs are displayed with the most recent entry first.

**Note** The impCloud retains only a limited number of log entries, for a limited period of time.

If the `--page-number` option is specified, the command displays the specified page of the log entries and completes. If the `--page-number` option is not specified, the command displays all saved log entries by pages, starting from the page with the most recent log entries. After every page of log entries is displayed, the command is paused:

- To display the next page press *Enter*
- To abort the command press *Ctrl-C*

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [device identifier](#device-identifier). If not specified and there is only one device in the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory, then this device is used (if there is no Project file, or the Device Group has none or more than one device, the command fails) |
| --page-size | -s | No | Yes | Number of log entries in one page. Default: 20 |
| --page-number | -n | No | Yes | Ordinal page number with the log entries to display. Must have a positive value. Page 1 is a page with the most recent log entries. If not specified, the command displays all saved log entries |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Log Stream ####

```
impt log stream [--device <DEVICE_IDENTIFIER>] [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a log stream and displays logs from the specified devices in real-time. To stop displaying the logs press *Ctrl-C*.

**Important** No other command can be called while the logs are being streamed.

The impCentral API permits an account to have only a limited number of log streams at a time. If the limit is reached and a new log stream is created, an existing one is automatically closed.

The command allows you to add multiple devices to the newly created log stream. It is also possible to specify one or more Device Groups. Logs from all devices assigned to the specified Device Groups as well as from directly specified Devices will be displayed in the newly created log stream. However, the impCentral API has a limit to the number of devices allowed in one log stream. The tool does not check this limit and allow you to specify any number of devices. Check the operation output to see which devices were actually added to the log stream.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --device | -d | No | Yes | The [device identifier](#device-identifier) of the device to be added to the log stream. This option may be repeated multiple times to specify multiple devices |
| --dg | -g | No/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). This option may be included multiple times to specify multiple Device Groups. Logs from all of the devices assigned to the specified Device Groups will be added to the log stream. `--device` and `--dg` options are cumulative. If neither the `--device` nor the `--dg` options are specified but there is a [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory, all of the devices assigned to the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) are added |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Login Key Manipulation Commands ###

#### Login Key Create ####

```
impt loginkey create [--pwd <password>] [--descr <login_key_description>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a new login key for the current account.

**Note** There is a limit on the total number of login keys available per account. Use [`impt loginkey delete`](#login-key-delete) to delete an existing login key if this this limit is exceeded.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --pwd | -w | No | Yes | The account password. If no password is specified, the user is asked to input one |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | An optional description of the login key, eg. `"John's key"` |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Login Key Delete ####

```
impt loginkey delete --lk <login_key_id> [--pwd <password>] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the specified login key. The user is asked to confirm the operation, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --lk | -k | Yes | Yes | The login key ID |
| --pwd | -w | No | Yes | The account password. If no password is specified, the user is asked to input one |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Login Key Info ####

```
impt loginkey info --lk <login_key_id> [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the specified Login Key.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --lk | -k | Yes | Yes | The login key ID |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Login Key List ####

```
impt loginkey list [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about all of the login keys belonging to the current account.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Login Key Update ####

```
impt loginkey update --lk <login_key_id> [--pwd <password>] --descr <login_key_description>
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the specified login key’s description.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --lk | -k | Yes | Yes | The login key ID |
| --pwd | -w | No | Yes | The account password. If no password is specified, the user is asked to input one |
| --descr | -s | Yes | Yes | The login key’s new description |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Product Manipulation Commands ###

#### Product Create ####

```
impt product create --name <product_name> [--descr <product_description>] [--owner <ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a new Product. Fails if a Product with the specified name already exists.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --name | -n | Yes | Yes | The Product’s name. Must be unique among all of the current account’s Products |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | An optional description of the Product |
| --owner | -o | No | Yes | The Product will be created in the [specified Account](#account-identifier). If no account is specified, the current account is used  |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Product Delete ####

```
impt product delete [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>] [--builds] [--force] [--confirmed]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the specified Product.

The command fails if the Product has any Device Groups and the `--force` option was not specified. Use either the `--force` option, or [`impt dg delete`](#device-group-delete) to delete the Product’s Device Groups.

The user is asked to confirm the operation, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --product | -p | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Product identifier](#product-identifier). If not specified, the Product referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --builds | -b | No | No | Additionally deletes all Deployments related to all of the Device Groups which belong to the Product, including Device Groups that were deleted previously. The command fails if any Deployment has its *flagged* attribute set to `true` and the `--force` option was not specified |
| --force | -f | No | No | Deletes all of the Product’s Device Groups as with [`impt dg delete --force`](#device-group-delete) called for every one of the Product’s Device Groups |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Product Info ####

```
impt product info [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>] [--full] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the specified Product.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --product | -p | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Product identifier](#product-identifier). If not specified, the Product referenced by the [Project File](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --full | -u | No | No | Displays additional information and the full structure of the Product, including details about every Device Group that belongs to the Product, and devices assigned to those Device Groups |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Product List ####

```
impt product list [--owner <ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about all of the Products available to the current account.

The returned list of the Products may be filtered. Filtering uses any combination of the described filter options. Every filter option may be repeated multiple times. All filter options with the same name are combined by logical OR, then all filter options with different names are combined by logical AND.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

| Filter Options | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --owner | -o | No | Yes | Products owned by the [specified Account(s)](#account-identifier) only |

#### Product Update ####

```
impt product update [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>] [--name <product_name>]
    [--descr <product_description>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the specified Product with a new name and/or description. Fails if the specified Product does not exist.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --product | -p | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Product identifier](#product-identifier). If not specified, the Product referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --name | -n | No | Yes | The Product’s new name. Must be unique among all of the current Account’s Products |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | The Product’s new description |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Project Manipulation Commands ###

#### Project Create ####

```
impt project create --product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER> [--create-product] --name <device_group_name>
    [--descr <device_group_description>] [--device-file <device_file>] [--agent-file <agent_file>]
    [--pre-factory] [--dut <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--create-dut]
    [--target <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--create-target] [--confirmed]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a new Device Group for the specified Product and creates a new [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory by linking it to the new Device Group.

The command fails if:

- The specified Product does not exist and the `--create-product` option was not specified. Use either the `--create-product` option or the [`impt product create`](#product-create) command to create the Product first.
- The Device Group with the specified name already exist in the specified Product. Use [`impt project link`](#project-link) to create the Project linked to that Device Group.
- The optionally specified target device-under-test Device Group does not exist and the `--create-dut` option was not specified. Use either the `--create-dut` option or the [`impt dg create`](#device-group-create) command to create the required Device Group of the [type](#device-group-type) *pre-dut*.
- The optionally specified target production Device Group does not exist and the `--create-target` option was not specified. Use either the `--create-target` option or the [`impt dg create`](#device-group-create) command to create the required Device Group of the [type](#device-group-type) *pre-production*.

The user is asked to confirm the operation if the current directory already contains a [Project file](#project-files), unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option. If confirmed, the existing [Project file](#project-files) is overwritten.

The new Device Group will be of the [type](#device-group-type) *development* or *pre-factory* (set with the `--pre-factory` option).

At the end of the command execution, information about the Project is displayed (as by [`impt project info`](#project-info)).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --product | -p | Yes | Yes | A [Product identifier](#product-identifier) |
| --create-product | -c | No | No | If the Product specified by the `--product` option does not exist, it is created. In this case, the value of `--product` is used as the name of the new Product. If the Product specified already exists, `--create-product` is ignored |
| --name | -n | Yes | Yes | The name of the new Device Group. Must be unique among all Device Groups in the specified Product |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | The Device Group’s optional description |
| --device-file | -x | No | Yes | The device source code file name. Default: `device.nut`. If the file does not exist, an empty file is created |
| --agent-file | -y | No | Yes | The agent source code file name. Default: `agent.nut`. If the file does not exist, an empty file is created |
| --pre-factory | -f | No | No | If not specified, the new Device Group is of the [type](#device-group-type) *development*. If specified, the new Device Group is of the [type](#device-group-type) *pre-factory* |
| --dut | -u | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the new Project Device Group’s target device-under-test Device Group. May be specified only if `--pre-factory` is also specified. The specified Device Group must be of the [type](#device-group-type) *pre-dut* and belong to the specified Product. Otherwise the command fails |
| --create-dut | -w | No | No | If the Device Group specified by the `--dut` option does not exist, it is created. In this case, the value of `--dut` is used as the name of the new Device Group. If `--dut` is not specified or the Device Group specified by `--dut` exists, `--create-dut` is ignored |
| --target | -t | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the new Project Device Group’s target production Device Group. May be specified only if `--pre-factory` is also specified. The specified Device Group must be of the [type](#device-group-type) *pre-production* and belong to the specified Product. Otherwise the command fails |
| --create-target | -r | No | No | If the Device Group specified by the `--target` option does not exist, it is created. In this case, the value of `--target` is used as the name of the new Device Group. If `--target` is not specified or the Device Group specified by `--target` exists, `--create-target` is ignored |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Project Delete ####

```
impt project delete [--entities] [--files] [--all] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory and, optionally, the impCentral API entities (Device Group, Product, Deployments) related to the Project, and, optionally, the local source files. Does nothing if there is no [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory.

If the `--entities` option is specified, the command additionally:

- Unassigns all devices from the Project Device Group.
- Deletes the Project Device Group.
- Deletes all of the Project Device Group’s builds (Deployments), including Deployments with their *flagged* attribute set to `true`.
- If the Project Device Group has a device-under-test Device Group target which is only targeted by the Project Device Group:
    - Unassigns all devices from the target device-under-test Device Group.
    - Deletes the target device-under-test Device Group.
    - Deletes all of the target device-under-test Device Group’s builds (Deployments), including Deployments with their *flagged* attribute set to `true`.
- If the Project Device Group has a production Device Group target which is only targeted by the Project Device Group:
    - Unassigns all devices from the target production Device Group.
    - Deletes the target production Device Group.
    - Deletes all of the target production Device Group’s builds (Deployments), including Deployments with their *flagged* attribute set to `true`.
- If the Product which contains the Project Device Group includes only the Project Device Group and, if applicable, the Device Group target(s) mentioned above.

The user is informed about all entities and files which are going to be deleted or updated, and is asked to confirm the operation, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --entities | -e | No | No | Also deletes all of the impCentral API entities (Device Group, Product, Deployments) referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) |
| --files | -f | No | No | Also deletes all of the device and agent source code files referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) |
| --all | -a | No | No | Includes `--entities` and `--files` options |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Project Info ####

```
impt project info [--full] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the project. Fails if there is no [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory. With every call the latest information is obtained using the impCentral API.

Informs the user if the Device Group referenced by [Project file](#project-files) does not exist. The [Project file](#project-files) is not deleted in this case. To delete it, call [`impt project delete`](#project-delete).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --full | -u | No | No | Displays additional information: full details about the corresponding Device Group as with [`impt dg info --full`](#device-group-info), and authentication status as with [`impt auth info`](#auth-info) |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Project Link ####

```
impt project link --dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER> [--device-file <device_file>]
    [--agent-file <agent_file>] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a new [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory and links it to the specified Device Group.

The command fails if:

- The specified Device Group does not exist or is not unique.
- The specified Device Group is not of the *development* or *pre-factory* [type](#device-group-type).

The user is asked to confirm the operation if the current directory already contains a [Project file](#project-files), unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option. If confirmed, the existing [Project file](#project-files) is overwritten.

The command does not download any Deployment. To download source code from a Deployment, call [`impt build get`](#build-get).

At the end of the command execution, information about the Project is displayed as by [`impt project info`](#project-info).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) |
| --device-file | -x | No | Yes | The device source code file name. Default: `device.nut`. If the file does not exist, an empty file is created |
| --agent-file | -y | No | Yes | The agent source code file name. Default: `agent.nut`. If the file does not exist, an empty file is created |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Project Update ####

```
impt project update [--name <device_group_name>] [--descr <device_group_description>]
    [--device-file <device_file>] [--agent-file <agent_file>]
    [--dut <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--target <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the Project settings and/or the name, description, target device-under-test Device Group or target production Device Group of the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files). Fails if there is no [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory.

Informs the user if the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) does not exist. The [Project file](#project-files) is not updated or deleted in this case. To delete it, call [`impt project delete`](#project-delete).

At the end of the command execution, information about the Project is displayed as by [`impt project info`](#project-info).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --name | -n | No | Yes | The Project Device Group’s new name. Must be unique among all Device Groups in the Product |
| --descr | -s | No | Yes | The Project Device Group’s new description |
| --device-file | -x | No | Yes | A new device source code file name. If the file does not exist, an empty file is created |
| --agent-file | -y | No | Yes | A new agent source code file name. If the file does not exist, an empty file is created |
| --dut | -u | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the Project Device Group’s target device-under-test Device Group. May only be specified if the Project Device Group is of the *pre-factory* [type](#device-group-type). The specified Device Group must be of the [type](#device-group-type) *pre-dut* and belong to the same Product as the Project Device Group. Otherwise the command fails |
| --target | -t | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the Project Device Group’s target production Device Group. May only be specified if the Project Device Group is of the *pre-factory* [type](#device-group-type). The specified Device Group must be of the [type](#device-group-type) *pre-production* and belong to the same Product as the Project Device Group. Otherwise the command fails |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Test Commands ###

#### Test Create ####

```
impt test create --dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER> [--device-file <device_file>]
    [--agent-file <agent_file>] [--timeout <timeout>] [--stop-on-fail [true|false]]
    [--allow-disconnect [true|false]] [--builder-cache [true|false]]
    [--test-file <test_file_name_pattern>] [--github-config <github_credentials_file_name>]
    [--builder-config <builder_file_name>] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory.

The user is asked to confirm the operation if the current directory already contains a [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) (confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option). If confirmed, the existing [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) is overwritten.

At the end of the command execution, information about the test configuration is displayed (as by [`impt test info`](#test-info)).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the Device Group whose devices are used for test execution |
| --device-file | -x | No | Yes | A path to an optional file with device source code that is deployed along with the tests. A relative or absolute path can be used |
| --agent-file | -y | No | Yes | A path to an optional file with agent source code that is deployed along with the tests. A relative or absolute path can be used |
| --timeout | -t | No | Yes | A timeout period in seconds after which a test is interrupted and considered to have failed. Default: 30 seconds |
| --stop-on-fail | -s | No | No | If `true` or no value, the whole tests execution is stopped after a test failure. If `false`, the tests execution is not stopped after a failure. Default: `false` |
| --allow-disconnect | -a | No | No | If `true` or no value, keep a test session alive when a device is temporarily disconnected. If `false`, a test session fails when a device is disconnected. Default: `false` |
| --builder-cache | -e | No | No | If `true` or no value, cache external libraries in the local `.builder-cache` directory. If `false`, do not cache external libraries. If the local `.builder-cache` directory exists, it is cleaned. Default: `false` |
| --test-file | -f | No | Yes | Test file name or pattern. All files located in the current directory and all its sub-directories whose names match the specified name or pattern are considered as files with test cases. This option may be repeated multiple times to specify multiple names and/or patterns. The values of the repeated option are combined by logical OR. Default: `"*.test.nut"` `"tests/**/*.test.nut"` |
| --github-config | -i | No | Yes | A path to a GitHub credentials file. A relative or absolute path can be used. The specified file may not exist |
| --builder-config | -j | No | Yes | A path to a file with *Builder* variables. A relative or absolute path can be used. The specified file may not exist |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Test Delete ####

```
impt test delete [--github-config] [--builder-config] [--entities] [--all] [--confirmed]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory. Does nothing if there is no [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory.

The following entities are deleted (if the exist):

- A [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory.
- A *Builder* cache (`.builder-cache` directory) in the current directory.
- Debug information (`.build` directory) in the current directory.
- If the `--github-config` option is specified, the GitHub credentials file referenced by the test configuration file.
- If the `--builder-config` option is specified, the file with *Builder* variables referenced by the test configuration file.
- If the `--entities` option is specified:
    - The Device Group referenced by the test configuration file. All Devices are unassigned from that Device Group.
    - All builds (Deployments) of the Device Group referenced by the test configuration file, including Deployments with its *flagged* attribute set to `true`.
    - The Product which includes the Device Group referenced by the test configuration file. If the Product includes any additional Device Groups, the Product is not deleted (the operation is not considered a fail).

The user is asked to confirm the operation unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --github-config | -i | No | No | Also deletes the GitHub credentials file referenced by [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) |
| --builder-config | -j | No | No | Also deletes the file with *Builder* variables referenced by [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) |
| --entities | -e | No | No | Also deletes the impCentral API entities (Device Group, Product, Deployments) referenced by [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files). See above. |
| --all | -a | No | No | Includes `--github-config`, `--builder-config` and `--entities` options |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Test Github ####

```
impt test github --github-config <github_credentials_file_name> [--user <github_username>
    [--pwd <github_password>]] [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates or updates a GitHub credentials file.

**Note** This command does **not** write the created or updated GitHub credentials file to any [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files). Use [`impt test create`](#test-create) or [`impt test update`](#test-update) to apply the GitHub credentials to tests.

The user is asked to confirm the operation if the specified GitHub credentials file already exists, unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option. If confirmed, the existing GitHub credentials file is overwritten.

If the `--user` option is not specified, the user is asked to input the GitHub credentials. If the `--user` option is specified but the `--pwd` option is not, the user is asked to input the GitHub account password or personal access token.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --github-config | -i | Yes | Yes | A path to the GitHub credentials file. A relative or absolute path can be used |
| --user | -u | No | Yes | A GitHub account username |
| --pwd | -w | No | Yes | A GitHub account password or personal access token. If specified, the `--user` option must also be specified |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking additional confirmation from user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Test Info ####

```
impt test info [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the test configuration defined by the [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory. With every call, the latest actual information is obtained using the impCentral API.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Test Run ####

```
impt test run [--tests <test_pattern>] [--clear-cache] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Runs the tests specified by the [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --tests | -t | No | Yes | A pattern to select the tests. Allows you to select specific test files, test cases and/or test methods for execution. The syntax of the pattern: *[testFile][:testCase][::testMethod]*, where *testFile* may include a relative path as well as [regular expressions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions). If the option is omitted, all tests from all test files specified in the [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) are executed |
| --clear-cache | -e | No | No | Clears the local `.builder-cache` directory if it exists |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output). Use `--output debug` to run the tests in debug mode |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Test Update ####

```
impt test update [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--device-file [<device_file>]]
    [--agent-file [<agent_file>]] [--timeout <timeout>] [--stop-on-fail [true|false]]
    [--allow-disconnect [true|false]] [--builder-cache [true|false]]
    [--test-file <test_file_name_pattern>] [--github-config [<github_credentials_file_name>]]
    [--builder-config [<builder_file_name>]] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory. Fails if there is no [test configuration file](#test-configuration-files) in the current directory.

At the end of the command execution, information about the test configuration is displayed (as by [`impt test info`](#test-info)).

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | No | Yes | The [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier) of the Device Group whose devices are used for test execution |
| --device-file | -x | No | No | A path to a file with device source code that is deployed along with the tests. A relative or absolute path can be used. Specify this option without a value to remove this file from the test configuration |
| --agent-file | -y | No | No | A path to a file with agent source code that is deployed along with the tests. A relative or absolute path can be used. Specify this option without a value to remove this file from the test configuration |
| --timeout | -t | No | Yes | A timeout period in seconds after which a test is interrupted and considered as failed |
| --stop-on-fail | -s | No | No | If `true` or no value, the whole tests execution is stopped after a test failure. If `false`, the tests execution is not stopped after a failure |
| --allow-disconnect | -a | No | No | If `true` or no value, keep a test session alive when a device is temporary disconnected. If `false`, a test session fails when a device is disconnected |
| --builder-cache | -e | No | No | If `true` or no value, cache external libraries in the local `.builder-cache` directory. If `false`, do not cache external libraries; in this case, if the local `.builder-cache` directory exists, it is cleaned |
| --test-file | -f | No | Yes | Test file name or pattern. All files located in the current directory and all its sub-directories whose names match the specified name or pattern are considered as files with test cases. This option may be repeated multiple times to specify multiple names and/or patterns. The values of the repeated option are combined by logical OR. The specified values fully replace the existed setting |
| --github-config | -i | No | No | A path to a GitHub credentials file. A relative or absolute path can be used. The specified file may not exist. Specify this option without a value to remove a GitHub credentials file from the test configuration |
| --builder-config | -j | No | No | A path to a file with *Builder* variables. A relative or absolute path can be used. The specified file may not exist. Specify this option without a value to remove a file with *Builder* variables from the test configuration |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

### Webhook Manipulation Commands ###

#### Webhook Create ####

```
impt webhook create [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] --url <target_url> --event <triggered_event>
    --mime <content_type> [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Creates a new webhook for the specified Device Group.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --dg | -g | Yes/[Project](#project-files) | Yes | A [Device Group identifier](#device-group-identifier). If not specified, the Device Group referenced by the [Project file](#project-files) in the current directory is used (if there is no Project file, the command fails) |
| --url | -u | Yes | Yes | The webhook’s target URL |
| --event | -e | Yes | Yes | The event that triggers the webhook. Valid values: `"blessing"`, `"blinkup"`, `"deployment"` |
| --mime | -m | Yes | Yes | The MIME content-type of the event data. Valid values: `"json"`, `"urlencoded"` |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Webhook Delete ####

```
impt webhook delete --wh <webhook_id> [--confirmed] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Deletes the specified webhook.

The user is asked to confirm the operation unless confirmed automatically with the `--confirmed` option.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --wh | -w | Yes | Yes | The webhook ID |
| --confirmed | -q | No | No | Executes the operation without asking for confirmation from the user |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Webhook Info ####

```
impt webhook info --wh <webhook_id> [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about the specified webhook.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --wh | -w | Yes | Yes | The Webhook ID |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

#### Webhook List ####

```
impt webhook list [--owner <ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>] [--product <PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>]
    [--dg <DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>] [--dg-type <device_group_type>]
    [--url <target_url>] [--event <triggered_event>] [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Displays information about all webhooks available to the current account.

The returned list of the webhooks may be filtered with any combination of the described filter options. Every filter option may be used multiple times. All filter options with the same name are combined by logical OR, then all filter options with different names are combined by logical AND.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

| Filter Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --owner | -o | No | Yes | Webhooks owned by the [specified Account(s)](#account-identifier) only |
| --product | -p | No | Yes | Webhooks created for Device Groups which belong to the [specified Product(s)](#product-identifier) only |
| --dg | -g | No | Yes | Webhooks created for the [specified Device Group(s)](#device-group-identifier) only |
| --dg-type | -y | No | Yes | Webhooks created for Device Groups of the [specified type](#device-group-type) only |
| --url | -u | No | Yes | Webhooks with the specified target URL only |
| --event | -e | No | Yes | Webhooks for the specified event only. Valid values: `"blessing"`, `"blinkup"`, `"deployment"` |

#### Webhook Update ####

```
impt webhook update --wh <webhook_id> [--url <target_url>] [--mime <content_type>]
    [--output <mode>] [--help]
```

Updates the specified webhook with a new target URL and/or MIME content-type. Fails if the specified webhook does not exist.

| Option | Alias | Mandatory? | Value Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --wh | -w | Yes | Yes | The webhook ID |
| --url | -u | No | Yes | The webhook’s new target URL |
| --mime | -m | No | Yes | New MIME content-type of the event data. Valid values: `"json"`, `"urlencoded"` |
| --output | -z | No | Yes | Adjusts the [command’s output](#command-output) |
| --help | -h | No | No | Displays a description of the command. Ignores any other options |

## List Of Aliases ##

| Command<br />Option<br />Alias | Command Option<br />Full Name(s) |
| --- | --- |
| -a | --all, --assigned, --allow-disconnect |
| -b | --build, --builds |
| -c | --create-product, --conditional |
| -d | --device |
| -e | --endpoint, --entities, --event, --builder-cache, --clear-cache |
| -f | --force, --files, --pre-factory, --from, --flagged, --offline, --test-file |
| -g | --dg |
| -h | --help |
| -i | --device-only, --github-config |
| -j | --agent-only, --builder-config |
| -k | --lk |
| -l | --log, --local, --load-code-after-blessing |
| -m | --min-supported-deployment, --mime, --zombie |
| -n | --name, --online, --page-number, --non-zombie |
| -o | --owner, --origin, --unflag-old |
| -p | --product |
| -q | --confirmed |
| -r | --create-target, --remove-tag, --remove, --region |
| -s | --descr, --sha, --page-size, --stop-on-fail |
| -t | --tag, --timeout, --temp, --target, --to, --tests |
| -u | --user, --full, --unflagged, --unflag, --unassigned, --unbond, --url, --dut |
| -v | --version |
| -w | --wh, --pwd, --create-dut |
| -x | --device-file |
| -y | --agent-file, --dg-type |
| -z | --output |

## Common Filter Options ##

| Filter Option | Alias | Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| --owner | -o | [<ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER>](#account-identifier) | Entities owned by the specified Account only |
| --product | -p | [<PRODUCT_IDENTIFIER>](#product-identifier) | Entities related to the specified Product only |
| --dg | -g | [<DEVICE_GROUP_IDENTIFIER>](#device-group-identifier) | Entities related to the specified Device Group only |
| --dg-type | -y | [<device_group_type>](#device-group-type) | Entities related to the Device Groups of the specified type only |
